Notes:

There _shouldn't_ be any problems simply unzipping this and loading the
database dump. Let me know if there are. Also, I cleared out some old
stuff that I've figured out better ways of doing; haven't done a
thorough test on everything, so if something breaks, I'd like to know.

The front page is located at /app/views/stories/playground.rhtml; many
things are dynamically loaded in this template, including the ten most
recent news posts. News posts are in a paginated archive, and all news
information is available at /blog/list or /blog/archive in the browser.
(List is not paginated, archive is.) This can be changed to /news/ in
/config/routes.rb if you wish.

Categories could be added to the news posts, if you want. Also, the
fragment that's used to render the news on the main page can easily be
copy&pasted to the story show page (/app/views/stories/show.rhtml) to
display the ten most recent news entries there. There is currently no
provision for different text on the main page vs. the story page; if you
want dynamic text here, that can be added to the database rather easily.

Subdomains should be functional, and stories do match the current
directory structure, at least as far as I can tell from my end. Of note
is that subdomains don't necessarily match story short_names; for the
most part they do, but for e.g. Pandora's Box, the subdomain is pandora,
but the story short_name is pandoras_box. http://pandora.pele.cx:3000/
will display the story page for Pandora's box.

Edit links for paragraphs are in, and comments display below the
paragraph edit area. Paragraphs do not split on edit; this would require
redoing the order numbering for all paragraphs that come after the one
being edited in the chapter (would be the Right Thing(TM), but I'm lazy
at the moment). Also, paragraphs cannot be deleted at this time. (Well,
sorta...go to paragraphs/list and you can delete them.)

It's possible to add version control if you want it on a per-paragraph
basis; I haven't done so at this time. I believe that it's one table and
a line of code, or something like that. Lemme know if you want it.

textfiles are available from "text/<storyname><chapter#>.txt"

TODO:

* tweak various things for sessions and session data to actually _work_
  properly in terms of restricting access, and saving comments, etc.

* textfile reading for chapters still needs to be done. Should be
  relatively easy to do; it needs to join consecutive non-blank lines,
  convert # to <hr/>, and split paragraph entries on blank lines, as
  well as delete consecutive blank lines.

* textfile dumping has any HTML markup that is present still there, for
  various reasons, mostly me being lazy and not writing the code to
  convert <hr/> to #

* finish getting the stats pages done and up; these are mostly
  standalone. Would be nice to somehow recalculate the chapter-level
  wordcounts on paragraph editing, or something like that. At the
  moment, all we have is a "list all targets, and their status" page, at
  /targets; this is going to change a great deal once I actually start
  poking around with it

* There is no caching of any kind as yet. It would be nice to add
  appropriate caching.

* no Ajax for e.g. paragraph comments, paragraph editing. would be nice
  to make it use Ajax, which I shall work on when I get a chance.

* stylesheets, and, in general, class names for divs, etc. should be
  mapped to the current stylesheet set-- the other choice would be to
  create a new stylesheet that matches the current layout, which might
  actually be a better idea. For that matter, one stylesheet is not
  consistently being used; this needs to be fixed.

* should add the javascript bit for changing stylesheets to the layout
  pages once there are two stylesheets

* am not sure if sessions store cookies for <foo>.pele.cx or just
  pele.cx; ideally want only pele.cx so that data is carried over
  between the subdomains
